I Welcome back to the students.
So let's start to make our application a lot better than what it is by friction this year or else.
Well first of all I need to tell you that we are going to be using regular expressions if you don't
know regular expressions don't worry you don't need to understand it to apply in this couple of lectures.
Now if you want to understand that which I recommend that you do because every developer out there needs
regular expressions I have a pretty good course that you can pick up right now just because you're taking
this course from me for a really low discount for 10 bucks.
And if you type in the discount coupon regift Dash 1 0 Dash 1 0.
So rejects hyphen 10 high and 10 you're going to get a discount.
When you're going to get it for 10 bucks.
OK just because you're taking this course.
So go ahead and save that coupon in a test file and then you can apply to that course is pretty good.
I's really easy to understand so for those of you that struggle struggling regular expressions before
I'm going to make it a breeze to understand it in that course.
But anyway.
So let's get to alecks.
First of all we need to make sure that we have mold rewrite on Apache OK.
So I'm using ma'am and Imanpa.
I believe we can find the configuration right here.
This guy right here so if I drop that in I'm going to drop it in my editor.
You can see that it's going to be a file like this.
OK.
So whatever you are using infusing them.
Make sure you find your configuration files for Apache and then you want to edit that well.
Some of you may already have it on.
You might want to check.
So I'm going to do what I control f command F here on my editor to find mode underscore rewrite actually
like this
for some reason I don't know why it's now finding a
he's now finding those modules.
That's not misspelling it.
Sorry about that.
And we go and read right in as you can see.
You're going to find one instance of it mode rewrite that as.
Oh OK.
Now if you have a high hash like this that means that this is a comment that I was not going to work
so make sure you take that off.
Save the file and go to your map application or you zap application and restart your services.
OK.
And when you start your services you should have more G-Ride on OK if you don't know the location of
this file H.T. TPD dot com which is a configuration for map for Apache I mean make sure you go with
it.
OK.
And just in case you don't know if your environment should be under the Apache folder whatever environment
you're using and for using Apache and this is only done in Apache by the way this is what we are doing
today on this on this section it's with Apache.
OK.
So anyway once it's on then we can start working on this.
So let's go and mine it was already on.
I was just showing you.
So the first thing that we need to do is right here in the root of the CMOS for that we are to create
another file.
And I believe I showed you this before and like one lecture I just gave you a quick example how to make
a pretty u r l but I'm going to show you how to do it 100 percent in this one.
So DA H.T. access to CS into Wes's and we save our file
OK.
We use this one.
And as you can see the file is right there.
OK.
Now all we have to do here which is super simple guys.
I don't don't think this is very hard.
It's just going to be a little complicated to understand if you don't know regular expressions but you
can still apply it.
So we're going to put a cap uppercase R and we're going to say well we're going to rewrite.
We want that rewrite engine and we've got the uppercase e right here.
You can see two words rewrite engine space on like this.
Simple as that.
And that's all.
OK.
Now in the next lecture we're going to start writing rules and these rules are going to be using regular
expressions and they are going to be trying to match whatever we're typing here and replacing that with
whatever we want you know in the next lecture we're going to start replacing têtes or you or else you're
making it pretty.
OK.
Thank you so much.
I'll see you on the next lecture.